feat!: withPlugins utility (#93)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: docs/src/content/docs/core/with-plugins.mdx

---
title: withPlugins
description: Allows to extend hooks with custom parameters. Advanced.
---

> `withPlugins` allows to extend hooks with custom parameters. Advanced.

Reviewer: This `Advanced.` at the end of the sentence feels abrupt, maybe this could be replaced with a note box saying something like  "For advance use-cases only, we recommend using `defineUtility`"

Author: Agreed! I'll update it

> `withPlugins` allows to extend hooks with custom parameters. Only used for advanced use-cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`withPlugins` allows to extend hooks with custom parameters. Useful for advanced use-cases.
```

```ts title="my-integration/index.ts" "withPlugins"
import { defineIntegration, withPlugins } from "astro-integration-kit";
import { hasVitePluginPlugin  } from "astro-integration-kit/plugins";

export default defineIntegration({
    name: "my-integration",
    setup({ name }) {
        return withPlugins({

>             name,

Author: Unfortunately it has to be passed explicitly to decouple it from `defineIntegration`. That could be renamed to `integrationName` but I thought it would be more convenient to reuse the same name as the setup args. I don't know what we can improve here, apart being super clear in the documentation
